today on Nico's kitchen these onion
rings are going to be some of the best
you've ever had we're making my
deep-fried onion rings so first of all
we're going to make our batter and this
is really really simple and super tasty
just into a large bowl I've got some
plain flour that I'm going to be adding
in I'm going to season the flour with
some salt and pepper
now this next ingredient isn't just for
flavor it's for color as well and I've
got some curry powder and I'm just going
to add in some curry powder and it just
gives the better a wonderful color but
also some great flavor it doesn't overdo
it with the heat it's extremely mild so
just get a fork mix the flour around
just make a well in the middle now we're
going to be cracking one egg straight in
now next I'm going to be adding in some
cider now if you wanted to use beer you
could I actually really love the crisp
flavor of side up if you want a
non-alcoholic version just use some soda
water you want it nice and bubbly that's
going to give our batter some nice
airiness to it and make sure make sure
whatever you're using it is ice-cold so
just using a whisk we just want to give
this a good mix around and that is
exactly what I'm after it's not so thick
it's not too runny it's perfect so of
course we've got some onions that I've
just cut into rings and all we want to
do is just cover them in that batter and
now we can deep-fry them to deep-fry
heat up some vegetable oil or use a deep
fryer carefully placing the onion rings
and fry for 1 minute or until crispy and
golden brown
drain the excess oil on a paper towel
and serve immediately now all we have to
do is get stuck into these bed
so like I said before I just love the
color of these and what the curry powder
actually does not just for flavor but
also for looks as well I love love the
color of them so beautiful and crispy
spice really well on that cider really
really goes well but like I said if you
want to use soda water and have them
non-alcoholic go for it because
essentially what you want is some
bubbles in there you want something
that's going to give that better a nice
crispy texture please give these ago
they will not last long let me tell you
you put some of these bad daddies down
and they'll be gone in no time